Host function gas costs (#517)
gavofyork/graypaper: text/definitions.tex

%  \item[$\mathcal{D}$] Unused.
  \item[$\encode{\dots}$] The octet-sequence encode function. Superscripted ${}^{-1}$ to denote the inverse. See appendix \ref{sec:serialization}.
  \item[$\fnfyshuffle(\dots)$] The Fisher-Yates shuffle function. See equation \ref{eq:suffle}.

>   \item[$\fnmemgas(L, \ell)$] The memory-sized gas function: $\fnmemgas(L, \ell) = \floor{(L \cdot \ell + 1024) / 1024}$. See \ref{sec:gascostcalculation}.

Reviewer: We have `\ffrac` for this - we don't use `/` in the GP, `\frac` and `\div`.

Author: Fixed

  \item[$\Cpvminitinputsize = 2^{24}$] The standard \textsc{pvm} program initialization input data size. See equation \ref{sec:standardprograminit}.
  \item[$\Cpvmpagesize = 2^{12}$] The \textsc{pvm} memory page size. See equation \ref{eq:pvmmemory}.
  \item[$\Cpvminitzonesize = 2^{16}$] The standard \textsc{pvm} program initialization zone size. See section \ref{sec:standardprograminit}.

  \medskip

>   \textbf{Host-function gas costs} (appendix \ref{sec:virtualmachineinvocations}). Memory-sized linear terms are given as the rate per 1024 octets; gas for $\ell$ octets at rate $L$ is $\fnmemgas(L, \ell)$ (see \ref{sec:gascostcalculation}). With base cost $c$, total gas is $c + \fnmemgas(L, \ell)$. Page terms are per \textsc{pvm} page. Subscripts match $\Omega$ in I.2. All values are in gas units.

Reviewer 2: This fake section header is kind of weird? Just make this a separate `\subsubsection` with its own `description` block?

Author: Done

>   \textbf{Host-function gas costs} (appendix \ref{sec:virtualmachineinvocations}). Memory-sized linear terms are given as the rate per 1024 octets; gas for $\ell$ octets at rate $L$ is $\fnmemgas(L, \ell)$ (see \ref{sec:gascostcalculation}). With base cost $c$, total gas is $c + \fnmemgas(L, \ell)$. Page terms are per \textsc{pvm} page. Subscripts match $\Omega$ in I.2. All values are in gas units.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These constants are used in the host function gas cost equations in appendix
\ref{sec:virtualmachineinvocations}. The constant term for the host function $\Omega_\square$ is
denoted $\mathsf{M}_{\square,c}$, or simply $\mathsf{M}_\square$ if there are no other terms. The
octet-linear term, if there is one, is denoted $\mathsf{M}_{\square,\ell}$ and specifies gas per
1024 octets. The page-linear term, again optional, is denoted $\mathsf{M}_{\square,p}$ and
specifies gas per page. The gas for a host call with constant term $c$ and octet-linear term $L$
with $\ell$ octets is $c + \fnmemgas(L, \ell)$ (see section \ref{sec:gascostcalculation}).
```

I think this could be quite a bit clearer, perhaps something like this. Would be nice to use a different suffix for page-linear vs octet-linear terms (perhaps p for page-linear terms as I've put in the suggested wording).

Author: Done
